net: lwm2m_client_utils: Match tau with lifetime (#13816)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Release Assistance Indication (RAI) feature.
      This helps to save power by releasing the network connection faster on a network that supports it.

  * Updated:

>     * The eDRX cycle to 5.12s for both LTE-M and Nb-IOT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The eDRX cycle to 5.12 s for both LTE-M and NB-IoT.
```

>     * The eDRX cycle to 5.12 s for both LTE-M and NB-IOT.

Author: Oops. Now fixed

* :ref:`lib_lwm2m_client_utils` library:

  * Updated:

>     * The Release Assistance Indication (RAI) support to follow socket state changes from LwM2M engine, and modify RAI values based on the state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The Release Assistance Indication (RAI) support to follow socket state changes from LwM2M engine and modify RAI values based on the state.
```
